docs(install.adoc) Add podman guide (#798)
yuzutech/kroki: docs/modules/setup/pages/install.adoc

== Using docker-compose

You can use `docker-compose` to run multiple containers.

> Assumptions:
> 
> * [x] {uri-podman-get-started}[Podman] is installed on your machine.
> * [x] {uri-podman-compose-install}[Podman-compose] is installed on your machine.

Reviewer: I believe that this section should be under "Using Podman" right?
The assumption in the "docker-compose" is:

```suggestion
Assumptions:

* [x] {uri-docker-compose-install}[Docker Compose] is installed on your machine 
```

Here's an example where we start all the containers.

> In this example host port 8000 is exposed.

Reviewer: 👍🏻

[source,docker-cli]
docker-compose up -d

== Using Podman

Podman is a drop-in replacement for Docker for Linux systems only, and is available for many distributions.
It is light-weight, does not need a daemon running in the background, and is built with container security in mind.

Using Podman is a useful learning, development and testing step for running pods of containers in your linux environment.
It is also a useful intermediate step if you are looking to lift your Kroki implementation into a Kubernetes environment.

> Assumptions:
> 
> * [x] {uri-docker-get-started}[Docker] is installed on your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assumptions:

* [x] {uri-podman-get-started}[Podman] is installed on your machine.
* [x] {uri-podman-compose-install}[Podman-compose] is installed on your machine.
```
